hi guys it's Tara here guess where I'm
at
Skinner West Elementary I here for
Christmas the holidays I'm here to pass
out some gifts from TNA Impact Wrestling
we got gifts like Hulk Hogan action
figure I'm ruler we got the greatest
moments of TNA Wrestling Jeff Hardy
necklace how cool is that and TNA
pencils and for the girls I brought some
Barbie dolls and stuff like that just in
case they weren't too much into the the
action might be too much for them but
anyways we're here so come on let's go
presents
all right if you want to can they take
it to their table if you want what you
want them to sit here on Thursday you
guys can open it
Oh